c:\users\ghifari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CiburuyDesk\CiburuyDesk\bin\Debug\CiburuyDesk.exe.config
c:\users\ghifari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CiburuyDesk\CiburuyDesk\bin\Debug\CiburuyDesk.exe
c:\users\ghifari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CiburuyDesk\CiburuyDesk\bin\Debug\CiburuyDesk.pdb
c:\users\ghifari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CiburuyDesk\CiburuyDesk\obj\Debug\CiburuyDesk.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ghifari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CiburuyDesk\CiburuyDesk\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\ghifari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CiburuyDesk\CiburuyDesk\obj\Debug\CiburuyDesk_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\ghifari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CiburuyDesk\CiburuyDesk\obj\Debug\CiburuyDesk_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\ghifari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CiburuyDesk\CiburuyDesk\obj\Debug\CiburuyDesk.g.resources
c:\users\ghifari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CiburuyDesk\CiburuyDesk\obj\Debug\CiburuyDesk.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ghifari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CiburuyDesk\CiburuyDesk\obj\Debug\CiburuyDesk.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ghifari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CiburuyDesk\CiburuyDesk\obj\Debug\CiburuyDesk.exe
c:\users\ghifari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CiburuyDesk\CiburuyDesk\obj\Debug\CiburuyDesk.pdb
C:\Users\Ghifari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CiburuyDesk\CiburuyDesk\obj\Debug\MenuUtama.g.cs
C:\Users\Ghifari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CiburuyDesk\CiburuyDesk\obj\Debug\MenuUtama.baml
C:\Users\Ghifari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CiburuyDesk\CiburuyDesk\obj\Debug\TentangKami.g.cs
C:\Users\Ghifari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CiburuyDesk\CiburuyDesk\obj\Debug\TentangKami.baml
C:\Users\Ghifari\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CiburuyDesk\CiburuyDesk\obj\Debug\BukuTamu.g.cs
C:\Users\Ghifari\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CiburuyDesk\CiburuyDesk\obj\Debug\BukuTamu.baml
C:\Users\Ghifari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CiburuyDesk\CiburuyDesk\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\Ghifari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CiburuyDesk\CiburuyDesk\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
C:\Users\Ghifari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CiburuyDesk\CiburuyDesk\obj\Debug\GaleriFoto.g.cs
C:\Users\Ghifari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CiburuyDesk\CiburuyDesk\obj\Debug\GaleriFoto.baml
C:\Users\Ghifari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CiburuyDesk\CiburuyDesk\obj\Debug\Login.g.cs
C:\Users\Ghifari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CiburuyDesk\CiburuyDesk\obj\Debug\Login.baml
C:\Users\Ghifari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CiburuyDesk\CiburuyDesk\obj\Debug\Admin.g.cs
C:\Users\Ghifari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CiburuyDesk\CiburuyDesk\obj\Debug\Admin.baml
C:\Users\Ghifari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CiburuyDesk\CiburuyDesk\obj\Debug\DataPengunjung.g.cs
C:\Users\Ghifari\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CiburuyDesk\CiburuyDesk\obj\Debug\DataPengunjung.baml
